Add IQS045 rule (#2417)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/core/integration-quality-scale/rules/iqs045.md

---
title: "IQS045 - The documentation describes all integration configuration options"
---

IQS045 is as follows:

The documentation describes all integration configuration options

## Reasoning

Integrations can provide an options flow to allow users to change integration configuration.
This rule ensures that all configuration options are documented so that users can understand what each option does and how to use it.

> ## Example implementation

Reviewer: Should we show an enable on how to use the configuration basic Jekyll tag here?

In the following example, the integration has an options flow where the user can configure if the integration should add light groups as entities.

```markdown
## Configuration options

> The integration provides a single setting, you are able to disable the creation of light groups as entities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The integration provides a single setting: you are able to disable the creation of light groups as entities.
```

> The integration provides a single setting, you are able to disable the creation of light groups as entities.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The integration provides a single setting, you can disable the creation of light groups as entities.
```

```

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example is for an integration with multiple configuration options, using the 

{% configuration_basic %}
  Host:
    description: Hostname or IP address of your Nuki bridge. For example, `192.168.1.25`.
  Port:
    description: Port of the Nuki bridge HTTP API. Default is `8080`.
  Token:
    description: Token to authenticate against the Nuki bridge HTTP API.
  Use an encrypted token for authentication:
    description: Use an encrypted token for API calls to the bridge. This should only be deactivated if you experience issues with the API (such as authentication). The default is `True`.
{% endconfiguration_basic %}
```

Reviewer 3: or, another example could be

{% configuration_basic %}
Username:
  description: "Your username you use to log into the La Marzocco app."
  required: true
  type: string
Password:
  description: "The password you use to log into the La Marzocco app."
  required: true
  type: string
Host:
  description: "The IP address of your machine in your local network. If not set, no local connections will be used."
  required: false
  type: boolean
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

Author: I chose the first one, as the second one mentioned a list, and that's only for YAML.

---
title: "IQS045 - The documentation describes all integration configuration options"
---

IQS045 is as follows:

The documentation describes all integration configuration options

## Reasoning

Integrations can provide an options flow to allow users to change integration configuration.
This rule ensures that all configuration options are documented so that users can understand what each option does and how to use it.

## Example implementation

The following example is for an integration with multiple configuration options, using the `configuration_basic` tag.

```markdown
## Configuration options

The integration provides the following configuration options:

{% configuration_basic %}
Country code:
  description: You can specify the country code (NL or BE) of the country to display on the camera.

> Delta:
>   description: Time interval in seconds between camera image updates

Reviewer 2: I think we should not include this option. I'm not sure we'd approve it today, and it's not good to give wrong impressions what are ok options.
```suggestion
```

> country_code:
>   description: You can specify the country code (NL or BE) of the country to display on the camera.
> delta:
>   description: Time interval in seconds between camera image updates
> timeframe:
>   description: Minutes to look ahead for precipitation forecast sensors (minimum 5, maximum 120).

Reviewer: This described UI feature, so we shouldn't be using snake case things here.

```suggestion
Country code:
  description: You can specify the country code (NL or BE) of the country to display on the camera.
Delta:
  description: Time interval in seconds between camera image updates
Timeframe:
  description: Minutes to look ahead for precipitation forecast sensors (minimum 5, maximum 120).
```
